steamed egg Kotori
hi I'm an oppa and I welcome you to
Sanjeev Kapoor Rock asana let's do a
very healthy breakfast recipe let's make
steamed egg Kotori a very unique name
and a very unique recipe so how do you
make this we'll quickly first run
through the ingredients we need eggs
cheese onions capsicum red chilli flakes
salt breakfast is the time and one is
very much in a hurry so recipes for
breakfast should be something that
doesn't take too long click but again
very wholesome and very tasty so
similarly this is a very healthy egg
preparation what do we do first is we
need to take an egg and you'll slowly
break it introduce bowl Kotori which
means a bowl so we need to break this in
a bowl will break one more and this is
generally made as a portion so if you
have four members in your family you
will have to break eight eggs into four
bowls
let's break one more very carefully so
that the yolk stays intact
why do you need the yolk in tact not for
any other reason does it it looks good
when you are actually steaming this or
cooking this in the microwave so after
you've done this what we'll have to do
first is we need to put some salt so
let's take some salt your as well some
salt if you are on a diet then in that
case your dietitian would have
definitely suggested you to go a little
low so put less salt then what we will
do is we'll put some cheese very little
cheese
we're adding cheese just to get that
zing we're not adding lots of it so that
you get the stringy thing we need cheese
just to pep up the dish that's it
so after cheese let's put some onions
after you added the onions let's put
some capsicum now he heard you can also
add all the three peppers capsicums like
green yellow red whatever that you like
in case you don't have it in the
refrigerator
please don't prove wait for it just go
ahead with whatever that you have if you
have just yellow put that after this
we'll put some form of spice so let's
put some red chilli flakes this is like
an omelet in a bowl but without the oil
so this is done now all that we have to
do is put this in the microwave and cook
for at least two and a half to three
minutes now what happens is it all
depends upon your capacity of the
microwave sometimes in two minutes
you'll have this egg absolutely cooked
and you have this good egg cake in your
bowl there could be a possibility that
your egg or the egg yolk may be slightly
loose it depends upon how you prefer
your eggs I like the egg yolk slightly
loose so I will cook this in the
microwave for about two to
two-and-a-half minutes so your it goes
in the microwave
so this will take about two to two and a
half minutes for the eggs to get cooked
and once it is done service right away
onto a table because this is supposed to
be had hot